[DOCS] A ton of fixes + search config changes (#1436)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: documentation/User-Documentation/Conversations.md

## Conversation displaying

BetonQuest provides different conversation styles, so called "conversationIO's". They all look different but the biggest difference
is the way the user interacts with them.

!!! note ""
    === "menu"
        A modern conversation style that works with some of Minecraft's native controls. This is a video of it in action:
        <video controls loop
             src="../../media/content/User-Documentation/Conversations/MenuConvIO.mp4"
            width="780" height="500">
        Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
        </video>
    === "simple"
        A chat output. The user has to write a number into their chat to select an option.
    === "tellraw"
        Also a chat output. The user can click on the options instead of typing them.
    === "slowtellraw"

>         The same as `tellraw` but the NPC`s text is printed line by line, delayed by 0.5 seconds.

Reviewer: How about using the apostrophe character here?
```suggestion
        The same as `tellraw` but the NPC's text is printed line by line, delayed by 0.5 seconds.
```

    === "chest"
        A chest GUI with clickable buttons where the NPC's text and options will be shown as item lore.

        You can change the option's item to something else than ender pearls by adding a prefix to that option's text.

>         The prefix is a name of the material (like in _items.yml_) inside curly brackets, with an optional damage value after a colon.

Reviewer: `brackets` are usually the square ones `[]`.
```suggestion
        The prefix is a name of the material (like in _items.yml_) inside curly braces, with an optional damage value after a colon.
```
